feat: add title and description to the frontmatter of mdx docs (#154)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/social-connections/apple.mdx

---
title: Apple

> description: Learn how to setup social connection with Apple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to set up social connection with Apple.

```

---

# Apple

How to set up social connection with Apple

## Overview

> To make development flow as smooth as possible, Clerk uses pre-configured configuration profiles - steps are needed to your part (other than enabling the provider from Dashboard). For production instances, the process for Apple is a bit more complicated compared to other providers, but don't worry - Clerk provides step-by-step instructions with pictures to help guide you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make development flow as smooth as possible, Clerk uses pre-configured configuration profiles - steps are needed to your part (other than enabling the provider from Dashboard). For production instances, the process for Apple is a bit more complicated compared to other providers, but don't worry - Clerk provides step-by-step instructions to help guide you.

```
